docs(xstate-test): add note about nested states (#1535)
davidkpiano/xstate: packages/xstate-test/README.md

2. Executing the event for `segment.event`

And finally, verifying that the SUT is in the target `testPath.state`.

> NOTE: If your model has nested states, the `meta.test` method for each parent state is also executed when veryifing the SUT is in the target `testPath.state`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If your model has nested states, the `meta.test` method for each parent state of that nested state is also executed when verifying that the SUT is in that nested state.
```
